.TH DISTTRIAL "1" "Oct 2007" "" ""
.SH NAME
disttrial \- run unit tests using several processes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B disttrial [options] [[file|package|module|TestCase|testmethod]...]
.PP
.B disttrial --help
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
disttrial loads and executes a suite of unit tests, obtained from modules,
packages and files listed on the command line, using different process worders.
.PP
disttrial use the same logic that trial(1) to load tests.  Please refer to the
trial documentation for more information.
.TP
\fB--disablegc\fR
Disable the garbage collector.
.TP
\fB-e\fR, \fB--rterrors\fR
Print tracebacks to standard output as soon as they occur
.TP
\fB--force-gc\fR
Run gc.collect() before and after each test case. This can be used to
isolate errors that occur when objects get collected.  This option would be
the default, except it makes tests run about ten times slower.
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
Print a usage message to standard output, then exit.
.TP
\fB--help-reporters\fR
Print a list of valid reporters to standard output, then exit.
.TP
\fB--help-reactors\fR
List the names of possibly available reactors.
.TP
\fB-N\fR, \fB--no-recurse\fR
By default, trial recurses through packages to find every module inside
every subpackage.  Unless, that is, you specify this option.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\--reactor\fR \fI<reactor>\fR
Choose which reactor to use.  See --help-reactors for a list.
.TP
\fB--recursionlimit\fR
Set Python's recursion limit.
.TP
\fB--reporter\fR
Select the reporter to use for Trial's output.  Use the --help-reporters
option to see a list of valid reporters.
.TP
\fB--spew\fR
Print an insanely verbose log of everything that happens. Useful when
debugging freezes or locks in complex code.
.TP
\fB--temp-directory <directory>\fR
WARNING: Do not use this options unless you know what you are doing.
By default, disttrial creates a directory called _trial_temp under the current
working directory.  When disttrial runs, it first \fIdeletes\fR this directory,
then creates it, then changes into the directory to run the tests. The log
file and any coverage files are stored here. Use this option if you wish to
have trial run in a directory other than _trial_temp. Be warned, disttrial
will \fIdelete\fR the directory before re-creating it.
.TP
\fB--testmodule <filename>\fR
Ask trial to look into <filename> and run any tests specified using the
Emacs-style buffer variable 'test-case-name'.
.TP
\fB--unclean-warnings\fR
As of Twisted 2.6, trial will report an error if the reactor is left unclean
at the end of the test. This option is provided to assist in migrating from
Twisted 2.5 to Twisted 2.6 and later. Enabling this option will turn the errors
into warnings.
.TP
\fB-z\fR, \fB--random [<seed>]\fR
Run the tests in random order using the specified seed.
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Thomas Herve
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
To report a bug, visit \fIhttp://twistedmatrix.com/bugs/\fR
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2007 Twisted Matrix Laboratories
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
